def check_cookies(): #Checks to see if the cookies checkbox is checked
    if cookie_check.value:  # Enable login button if checkbox is checked
        info("COOKIES", "Cookies Policy for [App Name] Effective Date: 20/01/2025 At Toka Fitness, we use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience and improve the functionality of our app. This Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, and your choices regarding cookies when using our fitness app and its related services (collectively referred to as the Services). By using our Services, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, please follow the instructions to manage your cookie preferences below. \n \n 1. What Are Cookies? Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device when you visit or interact with a website, app, or online service. They allow the app to recognize your device and remember certain preferences or actions over time. Cookies can help improve your user experience by making the app more personalized, efficient, and responsive.  \n \n 2. Types of Cookies We Use We use the following types of cookies within Toka Fitness: Essential Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the operation of the app and enable you to access basic features such as logging in, managing your account, and navigating the app securely. Without these cookies, certain services may not function properly. Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how users interact with the app, such as which pages are visited most frequently or if any error messages are encountered. This helps us improve the performance of the app by optimizing user experience. Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the app to remember your preferences and settings (such as language choice, notifications, or personalized workout plans) to offer a more customized and relevant experience. Advertising/Targeting Cookies: We may use cookies to track your browsing habits across different websites and apps in order to show you targeted ads that are more likely to be of interest to you. These cookies may be placed by third-party advertising partners. Analytics Cookies: These cookies help us analyze user behavior and gather data about how you interact with the app, such as session duration or interaction frequency. The information collected is typically anonymized, helping us improve the app’s features and overall user experience.  \n \n 3. Third-Party Cookies We may also allow third-party service providers to set cookies on your device to help us with various functions, such as analytics, advertising, and performance improvement. These third parties may collect information about your activities across different websites and apps, and their use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies.  \n \n 4. Managing and Controlling Cookies You have control over the cookies placed on your device. You can manage, disable, or delete cookies by adjusting the settings in your device’s browser or the app itself. Please note that if you disable certain cookies, some features of the app may not function as intended or may be less personalized.  \n \n To manage your cookie preferences: On most web browsers, you can set your cookie preferences through the settings or preferences menu. You can also choose to delete cookies already placed on your device In the app, you may be able to manage cookie settings directly through the app’s settings or preferences section For more information about how to manage cookies in your browser, please refer to your browser’s help section.  \n \n 5. How Long Do Cookies Stay on Your Device? The duration for which cookies remain on your device depends on the type of cookie: Session cookies: These cookies are temporary and are deleted once you close the app or browser. Persistent cookies: These cookies stay on your device for a specified period or until you delete them manually.  \n \n 6. Updates to This Cookies Policy We may update this Cookies Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Any updates will be posted with a new 20/01/2025.  We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our cookie usage.  \n \n 7. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about our use of cookies, please contact us at:  \n \n Toka Fitness  \n Email: Toka_FitnessCustomerService@gmail.com  \n Phone: 0800 001066  \n \n By continuing to use Toka Fitness, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Cookies Policy and agree to our use of cookies as described.")

        open_button.enable()
    else:
        open_button.disable()


def check_terms(): #Checks to see if the  terms and conditions box is checked.
	if terms_check.value:  # Enable signup button if checkbox is checked
		info("Terms And Conditions" , "Terms and Conditions for Toka Fitness Effective Date: 20/01/2025 Welcome to Toka Fitness (referred to as we, our, or the app). These Terms and Conditions (Terms) govern your use of the Toka fitness application, website, and related services (collectively, the Services). By accessing or using our app, you agree to be bound by these Terms, as well as any additional terms or conditions that may apply to specific features or services offered by Toka Fitness. \n \n 1. Acceptance of Terms By downloading, accessing, or using the [App Name] app and its Services, you agree to comply with these Terms and any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Services. \n\n 2. Eligibility To use Toka Fitness, you must be at least 13 years old. If you are under 18, you must have permission from a parent or guardian to use the app. You represent and warrant that you are eligible to use the Services in accordance with these Terms. \n \n 3. User Account To access certain features of the app, you may need to create an account. You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information when creating your account and to update your account information as necessary. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and for all activities that occur under your account. \n \n 4. Privacy and Data Collection We value your privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy [insert link] to understand how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. By using the Services, you consent to the collection and use of your data as described in the Privacy Policy.  \n \n 5. Fitness Content and Advice The app may provide workout programs, fitness advice, and health-related content. However, this content is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as medical advice. Always consult with a qualified healthcare provider before beginning any fitness program or making any changes to your diet or exercise routine. You agree that Toka Fitness is not responsible for any injuries or health issues arising from your use of the app or its content. \n \n 6. Usage Restrictions You agree to use the app and its Services in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. You must not: Violate any local, state, or international laws Infringe on intellectual property rights or the rights of others Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any part of the app or its systems. Engage in any activity that disrupts, damages, or interferes with the Services. Share your account or login credentials with others. \n \n 7. Subscription and Payments Certain features of Toka Fitness may be subject to a subscription fee or other charges. By subscribing to these paid services, you agree to pay the specified fees and follow any applicable billing terms. All payment transactions are processed securely, and you are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your payment information. Subscriptions are non-refundable except as required by law. \n \n 8. Termination We may suspend or terminate your access to the app and its Services at our discretion, with or without notice, if you violate these Terms or engage in harmful behavior. You may also cancel your account at any time by following the instructions in the app. Upon termination, you may lose access to your account and data. \n \n 9. Intellectual Property All content provided within the app, including but not limited to text, graphics, images, logos, and software, is the property of Toka Fitness or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, distribute, or modify any content from the app without the express written consent of Toka Fitness. \n \n 10. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability The app and its Services are provided as is without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We do not guarantee the accuracy, reliability, or availability of the Services. You use the app at your own risk. Toka Fitness will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your use of the app, including injury or loss of data. \n \n 11. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Toka Fitness, its affiliates, employees, and agents from any claims, losses, liabilities, or damages arising from your use of the app or your violation of these Terms. \n \n 12. Modifications to Terms We reserve the right to modify or update these Terms at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated Effective Date. By continuing to use the app after any changes to these Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. \n \n 13. Governing Law These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom. Any disputes related to these Terms will be resolved in the courts located in Portsmouth, and you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts. \n \n 14. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact us at: \n Toka Fitness Email: Toka_FitnessCustomerService@gmail.com  \n Phone: 0800 001066 \n \n By using Toka Fitness, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to these Terms and Conditions.")

		sbtn_sign_up.enable()
	else:
		sbtn_sign_up.disable()
